README.md, before:


Intellect

# Introduction

Welcome to Intellect! This project is a Flask-JavaScript application designed to provide a comprehensive digital learning experience. 
Building a Future Where Learning Fits Seamlessly into Everyday Life.
Intellect offers a wide range of educational resources, courses, and learning materials to support students, educators, and lifelong learners alike.

To explore Intellect, visit the deployed site [here](`https://intellect.techa.tech`). For further insights into the project and its functionalities, check out our final project blog article [here](https://intellect.techa.tech/us). Connect with the authors on LinkedIn: [Author 1](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisjsm).

# Installation

To set up Intellect locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your_username/intellect.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd intellect
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Start the Flask server:

```bash
python app.py
```

5. Navigate to the client directory:

```bash
cd client
```

6. Install client-side dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

7. Start the client development server:

```bash
npm start
```

# Usage

[Describe how users can navigate and utilize Intellect.]

# Contributing

We welcome contributions to enhance Intellect! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

# Related Projects

[python version >=3.10.*.]

# Licensing

[License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)[https://intellect.techa.tech/license]

Commit message:

support payment & other payments and config added

README.md, after:


Intellect

...Your digital learning companion.

# Introduction

Welcome to Intellect! This project is a Flask-JavaScript application designed to provide a comprehensive digital learning experience. 
Building a Future Where Learning Fits Seamlessly into Everyday Life.
Intellect offers a wide range of educational resources, courses, and learning materials to support students, educators, and lifelong learners alike.

To explore Intellect, visit the deployed site [here](`https://intellect.techa.tech`). 
For further insights into the project and its functionalities, check out our final project blog article [here](https://intellect.techa.tech/us). 
Connect with the authors on LinkedIn: [Author 1](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisjsm).

# Installation

To set up Intellect locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

__
git clone https://github.com/russiantech/intellect.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

__
cd intellect
_

3. Install dependencies:

__
pip install -r requirements.txt
_

4. Start the Flask server:

__
python app.py
_

<!-- Nodejs Version(pending) -->
<!-- /*
5. Navigate to the client directory:

__
cd client
_

6. Install client-side dependencies:

__
npm install
_

7. Start the client development server:

__
npm start
_
*/ -->

# Usage

[How users can navigate and utilize Intellect.]

At `./welcome page`, browse through and filter/select/search/choose a course, click `start now` for automatic instant enrollment when
payment is processed.

# Contributing

We welcome contributions to enhance Intellect! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

# Related Projects

[python version >=3.10.*.]

# Licensing

[License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)[https://intellect.techa.tech/license]
